# Data Redundancy library
It is a library that allows you to synchronize files in real time on a local or remote device (data mirroring with the addition of intelligent merge functionality).
Being a library, this is not a software component that can be used directly but must be included in a solution in order to add the functions that we will describe below:
The idea is to keep a copy of a directory with all its structure on a remote network device, as a baskup unit and with some unique and interesting additional functions:
In the context of working in cooperation with multiple users, especially in the context of software development, it happens that you want to work on the same files, but there is no software that allows you to do it automatically and create the merge of files in real time.
This library was initially created as a patch for what git doesn't do, which is the automatic merging of work between multiple users. Essentially this is a library designed to work in software development but it works with any kind of software that is able to work cooperatively with multiple users, (the merge is a function that in software platforms is always done manually because it would require a very complex algorithm to do it automatically because there are many factors to consider, we have created this algorithm!).
The concept is this: All users who wish to participate in a common and collective work must configure the same network GIT path in which the files on which they work in a shared manner will automatically be maintained and updated.
Operation is very simple as users will never have to work on files in the shared directory on the network (called GIT directory or network path), which acts as a real-time mirror of the shared files stored locally. In practice, each user continues to work locally on his own files (as he normally would) and when these are modified, AntyGitLIbrary will automatically update the remote mirror, and if necessary it will merge the document with the texts edited by multiple users. At the same time when a file in the network directory is updated, all users using the library-based application, if connected, receive in real time an update of the local file with the one just updated remotely, so that everyone works on the latest version of documents and files generated by applications. If a user is not logged in (the computer is turned off), he will still receive the update the first time. In practice, whenever someone locally adds a new document or a new photo or other, or modifies an existing document, a copy is sent to the remote GIT repository and then from there it is propagated to all users participating in the same group using the app based on the Data Redundancy library. The User can also work from a laptop workstation from another place and when he will be in the office or where the git directory will be visible, the software will synchronize the data, in practice the documents are always synchronized working in the same workplace, or they will be synchronized when possible on the first occurrence, all this automatically, i.e. without any necessary action on the part of the user.
A very versatile and powerful function that has no equal is the code merge function, expressly designed for developers who use VisualStudio, but which can work in all contexts: The software monitors when a file is modified and if it has been modified by more sources, merges the parts added by all members who have worked on the same file, basically the files automatically get the additions and changes made by other users. One could believe that this function could be unwelcome during software development as a non-definitive code could make the software non-compilable to other users, but this is not the case as the merge is performed when the software is compileable, and not during writing the code. In practice, when text is added, it is synchronized with the file on the remote git directory, only when the compilation is successful, and therefore the changes will be propagated to all users only on the really working code (the additions that do not produce compileable code, will not be propagated).
However, if you think your code might interfere with that of other developers working on the same project, you can hide it from the compiler using a custom symbol and #IF USER1 statements, to hide the effects of your code from other users. still in progress and not definitive.
In some scenarios you may want to use a git directory in a remote infrastructure (outside your intranet), in which case you can do it using a VPN.