# Backup Library
The backup library is a cross-platform library that makes it easy to integrate powerful backup functions.
The purpose of this library is to make available and automate two types of backup: the daily one and the versioning one which is activated automatically whenever a file is modified.
The library doesn't perform a brutal backup as it would take up a lot of space but it performs an intelligent backup that is completely transparent to the end user, for which it seems to all intents and purposes a full backup copying all directories and contents.
The intelligent backup works that first the software analyzes the entire structure composed of files and directories and compares it with that of the previous backup, and the new backup will copy only the modified files while for those that have not undergone changes a link will be created (in the file system) to the same file as the previous backup: This type of solution is full backups but in reality they take up little space due to the fact that only the differences actually create files in the backup structure, while for everything that has not changed there is a link to the data of an identical file that transparently looks like a file for all intents and purposes.

## Symbolic link
A symbolic link contains a text string that is automatically interpreted and followed by the operating system as a path to another file or directory. This other file or directory is called the "target". The symbolic link is a second file that exists independently of its target. If a symbolic link is deleted, its target remains unaffected. If a symbolic link points to a target, and sometime later that target is moved, renamed or deleted, the symbolic link is not automatically updated or deleted, but continues to exist and still points to the old target, now a non-existing location or file. Symbolic links pointing to moved or non-existing targets are sometimes called broken, orphaned, dead, or dangling. 